# 2021-12-18

- Added the Floobham region
	- Still preliminary; none of the special behavior has been implemented, and none of the doors will open.
	- Can't move from Overworld to Floobham yet
	- Added the region factories and the regions cache to App.
- I need to look at how Floobham defines features, and consider which features can be defined on the terrain layer and which in the `objects` group.
	- Signs
		- All of these are defined as objects.
	- Chests
		- Scenery chests (i.e., chests behind vendor's counters) are on the terrain layer
		- Chests the user can open are in an object group.
	- Doors
		- It appears that doors are on the terrain layer.  See [[Doors]].
	- Mannikins
		- Simple NPCs who say something if you talk to them but take no actions of their own.
		- Some of these have a "sprite" property naming the mobile tile to use.
	- NPCs
		- NPCs represented in Old George by their own classes.
		- Some of these have a "sprite" property naming the mobile tile to use.
- Terminology
	- I need to settle on "tile" or "sprite".  "tile" makes sense for terrain; less so for mobiles.
- Added ImageInfo, an interface shared by TerrainTile and TileSet.TileInfo
	- Entity now looks at ImageInfo.
- TileSet is now SpriteSet, and TileSet.TileInfo is now SpriteSet.SpriteInfo
- I could easily merge all SpriteSets into a single hashmap.
	- This would make it easier for doors, since they need sprites that could be standard or terrain, and they need to reference them somehow.
- Suggestion for Door sprites
	- A sprite set is just a list of SpriteInfo records.  No map.
	- The Sprites object (or the App) manages a global map of ImageInfo objects.
	- Every region that's loaded adds its own image info to the Sprites object on load.
	- Then Door "objects" in a tiled map can name their opened and closed tiles.
	- What if the Sprite component just had the name, and the GameViewer looked them up from the App object? Nothing else needs anything but the names.
		- Note that terrain tiles are a separate issue.
- I need to define a global array of condition variables.
	- The app can define conditions
	- Possibly region files can define conditions
	- Region subclasses (e.g., Sewers) can define conditions
	- Quests affect conditions
- Issue: **global entities**.
	- Some entities are owned by the application and can move from region to region:
		- The player characters
		- Possibly some NPCs
		- Key items
	- Moving entities from region to region is tricky because the entity ID can change
		- If you move the actual Entity object from region to region.
		- Probably, don't do that then.
		- But could use a `Map<String,Entity>` instead of `Map<Long,Entity>`.  
			- Would then need to assign string IDs to monsters, and keep track of which have explicit IDs and which don't.  Ugh.
	- How to represent them?
		- Probably as entities having components that reference the global object.
			- The player's data, for example, need not all be stored in components, so long as its entity in the current region can reference the player's data.
		- Items only exist as entities when they are _on_ the map.  In the player's backpack they are something else.
		- An NPC entity _could_ have all of its data in the entities map, but for some (e.g., shopkeepers) it might be elsewhere.  There's no reason for it to be an entity unless some  normal system deals with it.
