# 2021-12-07

- Got a slide animation working, but it's ugly.
- If I recenter the map on George on each repaint, the animation becomes really jerky:
	- George moves smoothly to the next cell, and then there's a jerk.
	- I might be able to recenter taking George's TileOffset into account; I tried that and it was doing weird things, but I didn't like the code so I took it out altogether.
	- I tried recentering only when George doesn't have a plan
		- But that's a tacky kind of test.
		- It looks better, though the jerk at the end of the move is ugly.
	- I need to try adjusting the map only when the mover moves to the edge.  That's a jerk, but it's an understandable jerk.
- The TileOffset component is klunky.
	- By which I mean the names of the fields.  It's really a floating point Cell.
	- I need integer cell row/col to be able to compute the array index for terrain types, but for rendering it appears I need floating point cells.  Not sure how I want to do that.
- I'm having trouble with variable names.
	- An entity with a VisualEffect component is an "effect"; but the VisualEffect is an "effect"; and the animation in the VisualEffect is an "effect".  
	- I want the code to read nicely.
	- And I really don't like using `find(Foo.class)`, `remove(Foo.class)`, etc., to remove a component.
- The interaction between Movement and Animator seems klunky
	- The creation of the Slide effect in Movement is verbose
	- The need to clear the TileOffset in Step.SetCell is ugly.
	- It seems like a mobile or feature needs an integer cell, and a tile needs a floating point cell, where Step.SetCell updates both.
- I feel like I should be rendering Tiles based on "layer" rather than based on what they are attached to.
	- Terrain tiles are layer 0 (and are handled specially since they aren't in the entities table).
	- Features are layer 1
	- Mobiles are layer 2
	- Effects are layer 3
- If I bump up the framerate (25 milliseconds instead of 100), and decrease the animation step, it looks much smoother.  
	- But is it worth it?  This is always going to look a bit clunky.
	