# 2021-12-23

- [[Entity Schema]]
	- `id` should always refer to an entity ID.
	- `key` should always refer to a key or key prefix into the game info table.
		- Probably need to globalize the info table.
- Questions
	- Should I define a `Label` property? **Yes**
	- Should display names _always_ be read from the game info? **No**
- Decisions
	- Component parameters should be named as described in the [[Entity Schema]].
	- Define a `Label` property for display labels, instead of duplicating that in multiple components
	- The StringsTable should be a KeyDataFile, `.keydata`
	- The StringsTable for the app should be the "game info" table.
	- Entities defined in Tiled object groups that need other data should have an info key
		- Other data should be defined in the game info table, not in Tiled object properties.
- Progress
	- Replaced the "strings tables" with more general "game info" tables
		- Using `KeyDataTable` `.keydata` files, rather than `StringTable` files.
	- Added a `Label` component
	- Updated other components
		- Feature and Player are now tag components
		- Mobile, Sign, and Mannikin now have a single "key" parameter.
		- Sign and Mannikin document their game info keys.
		- Fixed comments.
	- Reorganized Entity.java for readable.
	- Split `Region` into `Region` and `DataDrivenRegion` to ease maintainability.
	- Added `Item` component for when we need it.
- UserInput/Planning changes
	- Changed UserInput.CellClick to UserInput.MoveTo.
	- Added UserInput.InteractWith (sent on Right-Click)
	- Added Step.Close (to close doors and chests)
	- On UserInput.MoveTo, the player can:
		- Move to a cell
		- Move to an Exit and transfer to that region
	- On UserInput.InteractWith, the player can:
		- Open/close a Door
		- Read a Sign
		- Talk to a Mannikin