# 2021-12-05

Thoughts on goals and multiple movers.

- The Mover Queue
	- The game loop needs to maintain a mover queue—the relevant mobiles in the order in which they get to move.
	- The mobile at the head of the queue is the _current mover_.
	- A mover's goals are assigned when it becomes the _current mover_.
	- Then, those goals are executed until there are none, and the next mover gets to move.
- Player clicks and the Mover Queue
	- Player clicks are ignored if the current mover is not controlled by the player.
	- The game loop stops and waits for a user click when a player-controlled mobile becomes the current mover.
	- Eventually, player clicks will be able to cancel a player-controlled mobile's current goals and redirect it.
- Player characters move individually, one at a time.  Should monsters all move at the same time?
	- Watching turn-based strategy games like Fire Emblem, it gets boring waiting for all of the bad guys to move.
	- It might be more entertaining if all of the monsters move simultaneously.
	- If I have an initiative stat of some kind, monsters might get grouped by where they sort: fast monsters, player character A, slower monsters, player character B, slowest monsters.
	- NPCs, to the extent that they move about, should move all together out of combat, but individually in combat.

Thoughts on Systems.

- In an ECS, a system is basically a function.
- In my world, it's going to be using lambdas to assign behavior to various mobiles, etc.  The relevant lambdas are also part of the system.
- All functions need access to the global state.
- The global state consists of I don't know what all, yet, but certainly includes the `Region`, which owns the Entities Table; and the `Region` is owned and controlled by the App.
- How to modularize systems while retaining access to the state?
	- Inner trait classes defined as part of the App
	- External classes created with a reference to the App
	- Each defines the methods required by the game loop, and any needed functions to be passed as lambdas.
- But perhaps I'm thinking about them incorrectly.
	- (Much discussion with JC)
	- Rendering requires read-only access to the state.  It can easily be passed in.
	- Animating actions is a major concern
		- Animation should be based on decisions already made, simulation already performed.
			- We shouldn't be learning that George stepped on a land mine _while_ we are animating.
			- Rather, when George wants to go to cell (10,10) we determine that he will hit a land mine at (5,5), and animate his motion up to (5,5).
		- There are two levels of state changes.
			- Simulation events: George moves from cell to cell, George takes damage because the land mine explodes, the land mine has exploded and is now gone
			- Animation events: moving George smoothly from this cell to that, animating visual explosion effects.
		- An animation is basically drawing a sprite at different places over time.
			- The game loop maintains a time tick.
			- A SpriteAnimation component has a starting (x,y), current, and ending (x,y) (in pixel coordinates) and a speed in pixels.
			- While it exists it updates the (x,y) each tick.
- Starting over.
	- An entity can have a Sprite(image, xOffset, yOffset) 
		- The offset is from the Cell coordinates.
	- An entity can have a SpriteAnimation, which can change the offset and image.
	- A stream of events can include animation events which trigger a SpriteAnimation and weight until it is complete.


## The Design

### Components

- The Tile component becomes the Sprite component.
	- A Sprite has an image and an x,y offset to the entity's cell.
- The EventQueue component contains an entity specific event queue.
	- Each event can make *any* change to the entities table.
	- Or maybe this is global.  
- An Animation component contains the info needed to move a Sprite component over time to do an animation.
- A Mobile is a component that tags an entity that will have a Sprite, an EventQueue, and possibly an Animation.
- An Effect is a component that tags an entity that will have a Sprite and an Animation
	- This is for animations that play out over time, like explosions.
	- Effects are pruned once their animation is complete.

### The Movement System

- A "Mover" is an entity that can can decide how to move.
	- Players, NPCs, monsters
- The movement system computes a number of events to go in possibly multiple entities' event queues.

### The Animation System

Updates sprites according to animation components found in the entities table, and deletes animations have that have completed.

### The Event System

Executes events in the event queue.

### The Rendering System

Renders the map and the sprites.

### The Purging System

Prunes entities that are "dead".

- Mobiles that are marked "dead"
- Effects with no animation

### The Game Loop

The game loop is always running, and proceeds as follows:

- Call the animation system to update any animations.
- Call the event system to execute any events.
	- If an entity has an event queue with events in it, and no active animation, execute the next event.
		- Or, all events with the next time tag.
	- Executing an event can update any state: it can damage or kill a monster, create an animation, change a cell location.
- If there were no events executed, call the Movement system to let the next mover plan their move.
	- If the mover is player-controlled, set the flag that allows user-clicks to take effect.
	- On user-click, we'll compute the user's move and populate player character event queues.
- Call the rendering system to repaint the screen.
- Call the purging system to delete dead entities.